Update document code samples to demonstrate primaryKey (#1242)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/api/documents.md

This `updateId` allows you to [track the current update](/reference/api/updates.md).

> [You can set the primary key of the index on document addition.](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#setting-the-primary-key-on-document-addition)

Reviewer: This seems a bit pasted here without context (Same for others). It also is redundant with the sentence above stating

> If you want to set the **primary key** of your index through this route, it only has to be done **the first time you add documents** to the index. After which it will be ignored if given.

You can add a link in the sentence above maybe: 

```
If you want to [set the **primary key** of your index](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#setting-the-primary-key-on-document-addition) ...

```

<CodeSamples id="add_or_update_documents_1" />

This document is an update of the document found in [add or replace document](/reference/api/documents.md#add-or-replace-documents).

> The documents are matched because they have the same `primaryKey` value `id: 287947`. This route will update the `title` field as it changed from `Shazam` to `Shazam ⚡️` and add the new `genres` field to that document. The rest of the document will remain unchanged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The documents are matched because they have the same primary key value `287947`. This route will update the `title` field as it changed from `Shazam` to `Shazam ⚡️` and add the new `genres` field to that document. The rest of the document will remain unchanged.
```

This `updateId` allows you to [track the current update](/reference/api/updates.md).

> [You can set the primary key of the index on document addition.](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#setting-the-primary-key-on-document-addition)

Reviewer 2: Same as [Charlotte's comment](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/pull/1242/files#r767722796).
